fix: Adds cluster with ISS support to `mongodbatlas_global_cluster_config` (#3177)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/global_cluster_config.md

* `id` - The Terraform's unique identifier used internally for state management.
* `custom_zone_mapping_zone_id` - A map of all custom zone mappings defined for the Global Cluster to `replication_specs.*.zone_id`. Atlas automatically maps each location code to the closest geographical zone. Custom zone mappings allow administrators to override these automatic mappings. If your Global Cluster does not have any custom zone mappings, this document is empty.

> * `custom_zone_mapping` - (Deprecated) A map of all custom zone mappings defined for the Global Cluster to `replication_specs.*.id`. This attribute is deprecated, use `custom_zone_mapping_zone_id` instead. This attribute is not set when a cluster uses independent shard scaling, for more info see the [New Sharding Configuration guide.](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `custom_zone_mapping` - (Deprecated) A map of all custom zone mappings defined for the Global Cluster to `replication_specs.*.id`. This attribute is deprecated, use `custom_zone_mapping_zone_id` instead. This attribute is not set when a cluster uses independent shard scaling. To learn more, see the [Sharding Configuration guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide).
```

Author: Thanks. Updated in 714c89d9e3f1733458466aba94e7715097d57c04
